[SC vote needed] Steering Committee: simplify member removal policy; update links (#1075)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/community/steering/steering_committee_membership.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A Committee member can voluntarily leave the Committee.

> In this case, the member notifies the other members, creates a `Community Topic <https://forum.ansible.com/tags/c/project/7/community-wg>`_ announcing their resignation, and after that, they are no longer considered a Committee member.

Author: ```suggestion
In this case, the member notifies the other members, creates a `Community Topic <https://forum.ansible.com/tags/c/project/7/community-wg>`_ announcing their resignation, and after that, they are no longer considered a Committee member.
```
I suggest doing this via PM to SC also, see the justification in https://forum.ansible.com/t/voluntarily-leaving-the-steering-committee/3952/4 Thoughts?

Author: Another option can be a section in Bullhorn called `Steering Committee updates` or something saying just a fact that someone joined/resigned with gratitude w/o reasons at least in case of stepping down.

> In this case, the member notifies the other members, creates a `Community Topic <https://forum.ansible.com/tags/c/project/7/community-wg>`_ announcing their resignation, and after that, they are no longer considered a Committee member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the member notifies the other members via a private message to the ``SteeringCommittee`` group in the forum.
This change in the steering committee has also to be announced in Bullhorn.
If the member voluntarily leaving does not want to write this announcement, one of the remaining Committee members will write it.
After that, they are no longer considered a Committee member.
```

Reviewer 2: LGTM, thanks

Author: LGTM too, thanks! how about:
```
In this case, the member notifies the other members via a private message to the ``SteeringCommittee`` group in the forum.
This change in the steering committee has also to be announced in Bullhorn.
If the member voluntarily leaving does not want to write this announcement, one of the remaining Committee members will write it.
After that, they are no longer considered a Committee member.
```
This contains only formatting things to adhere to the style guide.
@mariolenz if you're OK, could you please edit the suggestion, then i'll "commit" it to the PR

Reviewer: @Andersson007 I've edited the suggestion. Is this what you want? Or did I make a C&P error there?

Author: @mariolenz yep, committed, thanks

> In this case, they notify the other members, create an issue in the `Community Topics <https://forum.ansible.com/tags/c/project/7/community-wg>`_ repository announcing the resignation, and after that, they are no longer considered Committee members.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this case, the member notifies the other members, creates a `Community Topic <https://forum.ansible.com/tags/c/project/7/community-wg>`_ announcing their resignation, and after that, they are no longer considered a Committee member.
```

Author: i deliberately didn't touch it here to change it in a separate PR (and also there's another PR about updating the links, so to avoid conflict). OK, let's merge it here, then i fix the conflicts if appear.

A Committee member will be removed from the Committee if they:

> #. Do not participate in asynchronous discussions and voting on the `Community Topics <https://forum.ansible.com/tags/c/project/7/community-wg>`_ for more than 3 months in a row.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#. Do not participate in asynchronous discussions and voting on `Community Topics <https://forum.ansible.com/tags/c/project/7/community-wg>`_ for more than 3 months in a row.
```

Absence or irregular participation in discussing topics and votes
..................................................................

In case of absence or irregular participation, the removal process consists of the following steps:

#. Another Committee member (hereinafter the initiator) contacts the person by email asking if they are still interested in fulfilling their Committee member's duties.

>   * If the answer is negative, the initiator asks the person to :ref:`step down volunterily<Voluntarily leaving process>`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * If the answer is negative, the initiator asks the person to :ref:`step down voluntarily<Voluntarily leaving process>`.
```

#. In case there is no response from the person within a week after the email was sent or if the person agreed to step down but has no time to do it themselves, the initiator:

>   * Sends a ``message`` to the ``SteeringCommittee`` group on the forum.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Sends a private message to the ``SteeringCommittee`` group on the forum.
```

Also, do we want to include the committee member on the private message or should it only be sent to the other SC members?

Author: i have no opinion, so will just commit your suggestion:)

Reviewer 5: Resolving since sending to the `SteeringCommittee` group means sending to all SC members.

>   * The message title is ``Steering Committee member audit.``. It must not contain the person's name or other identifying information.

Reviewer 3: > It must not contain the person's name or other identifying information.

I know this was here before, but I'm still not sure what it means. How can we create an issue about someone without identifying them?

Author: By Forum/GH login i think but anyway now it feels not that relevant.
So let's remove this

Author: done, PTAL

  * The message body must not contain or imply any form of condemnation.

  * It must mention that the person has been inactive and, in accordance with the Steering Committee policies, their place should be freed for another person who can continue their great job.

>   * The body must mention person's achievements and thanks for their time and effort they spent serving for the Community, Committee, and the Project, and a hope that one day they will come back.

Reviewer 3: This seems too specific for a policy document. I know we want to thank the person and recognize their efforts, especially when/if we publicly announce a removal, but a list of achievements seems like too much burden to place on the initiator. I think something conciser like this would be better:

```suggestion
  * The message should thank the Committee member for their time and effort they spent serving the Community during their time on the Committee.
```
